README.md, before:

# Flux TV | Modern IPTV Player

Flux TV is a premium, high-performance web-based IPTV player designed for the modern era. Built with a focus on speed, reliability, and a "crafted" user experience, it allows you to stream your favorite live channels directly in your browser or as an installed app.

## 📺 Project Description

Flux TV provides a seamless interface for managing and viewing M3U playlists. It solves common IPTV streaming issues like CORS restrictions and Mixed Content blocks through a custom-built recursive proxy system. Whether you're watching on a desktop or a mobile device, Flux TV delivers a native-app feel with advanced playback controls and intuitive navigation.

## ✨ Key Features

- **Adaptive Streaming**: Full HLS support with automatic and manual quality selection (144p to 1080p).
- **Smart Proxy System**: Built-in recursive proxy to bypass CORS and Mixed Content (HTTPS/HTTP) issues.
- **PWA Ready**: Install Flux TV on your home screen for a full-screen, standalone experience.
- **Group Organization**: Automatically categorizes channels based on playlist metadata.
- **Search & Filter**: Quickly find channels across thousands of entries.
- **Modern UI**: Dark-mode first design with smooth animations and responsive layouts.
- **Logo Support**: Automatic channel logo fetching with referrer-policy handling.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18, TypeScript, Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Playback**: HLS.js
- **Backend**: Express (Node.js) for Proxy & API
- **Animations**: Framer Motion

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd flux-tv
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

### Development

Start the development server (includes the proxy backend):
```bash
npm run dev
```
The app will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

### Build

Create a production-ready build:
```bash
npm run build
```

## 🛡 Proxy System

Flux TV includes a sophisticated proxy endpoint (`/api/proxy-manifest`) that:
- Rewrites HLS manifests to force all sub-resources through the proxy.
- Spoofs `Referer` and `Origin` headers to bypass provider-side hotlink protection.
- Supports `Range` headers for efficient video segment streaming.
- Bridges the gap between secure (HTTPS) app hosting and insecure (HTTP) stream sources.

## 📱 PWA Support

Flux TV is a fully compliant Progressive Web App. To install:
1. Open the app in a supported browser (Chrome, Edge, Safari).
2. Click the "Install" icon in the address bar or "Add to Home Screen" in the browser menu.

---

*Note: Flux TV does not provide any content. You must provide your own valid M3U playlist URL.*

Commit message:

refactor: Rename project from Flux TV to UniStream
The project has been rebranded from Flux TV to UniStream. This commit updates all instances of the old name to the new name across the application, including titles, metadata, and UI elements.

Additionally, the User-Agent string in the server proxy has been updated to 'VLC/3.0.20' to better mimic a common IPTV client and improve compatibility with some stream providers. The redirect handling for fetch requests has also been improved by setting `redirect: 'follow'` and capturing the `finalUrl` for more robust URL resolution.

README.md, after:

# UniStream | Modern IPTV Player

UniStream is a premium, high-performance web-based IPTV player designed for the modern era. Built with a focus on speed, reliability, and a "crafted" user experience, it allows you to stream your favorite live channels directly in your browser or as an installed app.

## 📺 Project Description

UniStream provides a seamless interface for managing and viewing M3U playlists. It solves common IPTV streaming issues like CORS restrictions and Mixed Content blocks through a custom-built recursive proxy system. Whether you're watching on a desktop or a mobile device, UniStream delivers a native-app feel with advanced playback controls and intuitive navigation.

## ✨ Key Features

- **Adaptive Streaming**: Full HLS support with automatic and manual quality selection (144p to 1080p).
- **Smart Proxy System**: Built-in recursive proxy to bypass CORS and Mixed Content (HTTPS/HTTP) issues.
- **PWA Ready**: Install UniStream on your home screen for a full-screen, standalone experience.
- **Group Organization**: Automatically categorizes channels based on playlist metadata.
- **Search & Filter**: Quickly find channels across thousands of entries.
- **Modern UI**: Dark-mode first design with smooth animations and responsive layouts.
- **Logo Support**: Automatic channel logo fetching with referrer-policy handling.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18, TypeScript, Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Playback**: HLS.js
- **Backend**: Express (Node.js) for Proxy & API
- **Animations**: Framer Motion

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd flux-tv
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

### Development

Start the development server (includes the proxy backend):
```bash
npm run dev
```
The app will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

### Build

Create a production-ready build:
```bash
npm run build
```

## 🛡 Proxy System

Flux TV includes a sophisticated proxy endpoint (`/api/proxy-manifest`) that:
- Rewrites HLS manifests to force all sub-resources through the proxy.
- Spoofs `Referer` and `Origin` headers to bypass provider-side hotlink protection.
- Supports `Range` headers for efficient video segment streaming.
- Bridges the gap between secure (HTTPS) app hosting and insecure (HTTP) stream sources.

## 📱 PWA Support

Flux TV is a fully compliant Progressive Web App. To install:
1. Open the app in a supported browser (Chrome, Edge, Safari).
2. Click the "Install" icon in the address bar or "Add to Home Screen" in the browser menu.

---

*Note: Flux TV does not provide any content. You must provide your own valid M3U playlist URL.*
